<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>

<!--
The Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary - Volume 50, No. 4, April 1896 by Various



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no
restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under
the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or
online at http://www.gutenberg.org/license



Title: The American Missionary -  Volume 50, No. 4, April 1896

Author: Various

Release Date: December 12, 2006 [Ebook #20093]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8
-->

<!DOCTYPE TEI.2 SYSTEM "http://www.gutenberg.org/tei/marcello/0.4/dtd/pgtei.dtd">

<TEI.2 lang="en">
<teiHeader>
 <fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
 <title>The American Missionary -  Volume 50, No. 4, April 1896</title>
 <author>Various</author>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt>
  <edition n="1">Edition 1</edition>
 </editionStmt>
 <publicationStmt>
 <publisher>Project Gutenberg</publisher>
 <date value="2006-12-12">December 12, 2006</date>
 <idno type="etext-no">20093</idno>
 <availability>
 <p>This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and
 with almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it
 away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg
 License online at www.gutenberg.org/license</p>
 </availability>
 </publicationStmt>

 <sourceDesc>
  <bibl>
  <title>The American Missionary - Volume 50, No. 4, April 1896</title>
  <author>Various</author>
  <imprint>
   <pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
   <publisher>The American Missionary Association</publisher>
   <date>1896</date>
  </imprint>
  </bibl>
 </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>

 <encodingDesc>
 <classDecl>
  <taxonomy id="lc">
  <bibl>
   <title>Library of Congress Classification</title>
  </bibl>
  </taxonomy>
 </classDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <profileDesc>
 <langUsage>
  <language id="en">English</language>
 </langUsage>
 <textClass>
  <classCode scheme="lc">
  *** <!-- LoC Class (PR, PQ, ...) -->
  </classCode>
  <keywords>
  <list>
   <!-- <item></item> any keywords for PG search engine -->
  </list>
  </keywords>
 </textClass>
 </profileDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
 <change>
  <date value="2006-12-12">December 12, 2006</date>
  <respStmt>
  <name>Joshua Hutchinson<lb /></name>
  <name>Online Distributed Proofreading Team</name>
  <name>This file was produced from images generously made available by Cornell University Digital Collections</name>
  </respStmt>
  <item>Project Gutenberg Edition</item>
 </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

<pgExtensions>
  <pgStyleSheet>
    figure           { text-align: center; page-float: 'htbp' }
    .floatleft       { float: left;  margin-right: 2em }
    .floatright      { float: right; margin-left:  2em }
    .w90             { }
    .w50             { }
    .w20             { }
    .w05             { }
    @media pdf {
      .w90             { width: 90% }
      .w50             { width: 50% }
      .w20             { width: 20% }
      .w05             { width: 5% }
    }
  </pgStyleSheet>
</pgExtensions>

<text>
<front>
<div>
<divGen type="pgheader" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="111" /><anchor id="Pg111" />
<divGen type="titlepage" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<head>Contents</head>
<divGen type="toc" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<p>NEW YORK:</p>

<p>PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION,<lb />
Bible House, Ninth St. and Fourth Ave., New York.</p>

<p>Price, 50 Cents a Year in advance.</p>

<p>Entered at the Post Office at New York N. Y., as second-class mail matter.</p>
</div>
</front>

<body>
<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="112" /><anchor id="Pg112" />

<head>American Missionary Association.</head>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">President, Merrill E. Gates, LL.D., Mass.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Vice-presidents.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. A. Noble</hi>, D.D., Ill.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry Hopkins</hi>, D.D., Mo.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Alex. McKenzie</hi>, D.D., Mass.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry A. Stimson</hi>, D.D., N. Y.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Washington Gladden</hi>, D.D., Ohio.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Honorary Secretary and Editor.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Corresponding Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. A. F. Beard</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. P. Woodbury, D.D.</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. C. J. Ryder, D.D.</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Recording Secretary.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Treasurer.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">H. W. Hubbard</hi>, Esq., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Auditors.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">George S. Hickok. </hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James H. Oliphant.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Executive Committee.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>, Chairman.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>, Secretary.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Three Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel Holmes</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel S. Marples</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William H. Strong</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Elijah Horr</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Two Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William Hayes Ward</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James W. Cooper</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Lucien C. Warner</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Joseph H. Twichell</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles P. Pierce</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For One Year.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Addison P. Foster</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Albert J. Lyman</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Nehemiah Boynton</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A. J. F. Behrends</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">District Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Geo. H. Gutterson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">21 Cong'l House, Boston, Mass.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Jos. E. Roy</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">153 La Salle Street, Chicago, Ill.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Secretary of Woman's Bureau.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss D. E. Emerson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<div>
<head>COMMUNICATIONS</head>

<p>Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding
Secretaries; letters for "<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The American Missionary</hi>," to the Editor, at the New
York Office; letters relating to the finances, to the Treasurer; letters relating to
woman's work, to the Secretary of the Woman's Bureau.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS</head>

<p>In drafts, checks, registered letters, or post-office orders, may be sent to H. W.
Hubbard, Treasurer, Bible House, New York; or, when more convenient, to either
of the Branch Offices, 21 Congregational House, Boston, Mass., or 153 La Salle
Street, Chicago, Ill. A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Notice To Subscribers.</hi>--The date on the "address label" indicates the time
to which the subscription is paid. Changes are made in date on label to the 10th
of each month. If payment of subscription be made afterward the change on the
label will appear a month later. Please send early notice of change in post-office
address, giving the former address and the new address, in order that our periodicals
and occasional papers may be correctly mailed.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>FORM OF A BEQUEST.</head>

<p>"I give and bequeath the sum of ---- dollars to the 'American Missionary
Association,' incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York."
The will should be attested by three witnesses.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="113" /><anchor id="Pg113" />
<index index="toc" level1="Editorial" />
<index index="pdf" level1="Editorial" />
<head>The American Missionary</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Vol. L.</hi><lb />
APRIL, 1896.<lb />
No. 4.</p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Jubilee Year Fund.</head>
<head type="sub">of the American Missionary Association</head>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">It is now fifty years since the <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">American Missionary Association</hi>
was organized. Its work and history are before the churches.
We have reason to rejoice in the accomplishment of the past. We
are grateful to God for this ministry of grace to His needy ones.
We have come now to the semi-centennial year of the Association.
We propose to celebrate the Fiftieth Year, and to acknowledge the
goodness of God to us in the past.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">But we find ourselves in this present time in distress. Our
work has been severely affected by the adverse times. Our mission
schools and churches are suffering. For the last three years our
average current receipts have been $93,000 less per year than
during the previous three years. The work has been cut $184,000
during these three years. If it had been fully maintained the debt
would have been three times as great as it is.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">We are now confronted with the question of further and more
disastrous reductions, for our obligations must be met. The $100,000
borrowed for mission work must be paid. We do not believe
that the churches wish this to be done by closing more schools and
church doors against the poorest of our countrymen throughout
the Southern lowlands and mountains, amid the Dakotas and Montana,
from California to Florida.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">The Association has come to the last half of its fiscal year. Up
to this time it has made no special plea for help. It has waited
fraternally until kindred organizations have received the aid they<pb n="114" /><anchor id="Pg114" />
so greatly needed. This vast Christian service in the most necessitous
fields of the continent is as distinctively the trust of the
churches as any of their enterprises are. Shall it not now have
the same equitable relief as has been given to others? Has not
the time now come for helping this suffering work? Will not
those who have charged the Association with this burden of service
now consecrate anew their benevolence to its relief and make
this a Year of Jubilee, to wipe out the last vestige of debt?</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">It is proposed to raise during the next six months a special
Jubilee Year Fund of $100,000 in shares of $50 each, with the hope
and expectation that these shares will be taken by the friends
of missions without lessening those regular contributions which
must be depended upon to sustain the current work.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold">The plea is urgent because the need is urgent. Will not all
friends of this great work, pastor and people, now heartily unite in
one special Christian endeavor to raise this American Missionary
Association Jubilee Year Fund?</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-weight: bold">Charles L. Mead,<lb />
Samuel Holmes,<lb />
Samuel S. Marples,<lb />
William H. Strong,<lb />
Elijah Horr,<lb />
William Hayes Ward,<lb />
Lucien C. Warner,<lb />
James W. Cooper,<lb />
Joseph H. Twichell,<lb />
Charles P. Peirce,<lb />
Charles A. Hull,<lb />
Albert J. Lyman,<lb />
Addison P. Foster,<lb />
Nehemiah Boynton,<lb />
A. J. F. Behrends</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-weight: bold">Executive Committee of the<lb />

AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.</hi></p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Our Industrial Work.</head>

<p>We publish in this number of <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">the Missionary</hi> an article copied from
<hi rend="font-style: italic">The Talladega College Record</hi>, giving a detailed account of the industrial
work carried on in that institution. We invite attention to it as showing
the wide range of those industries, and of their thorough and systematic
arrangement.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The School and Church.</head>

<p>As is the school and church in any nation or community, so are the
people. The Chinese for ages with universal education, such as it is,
and the religion of Confucius, are a superstitious, stagnant, and
an unheroic race. Europe in the middle ages, with no schools and an
ambitious hierarchy, became ignorant and war-like, oppressed in Church
and State. In these United States, their abundant educational
facilities and a free church have developed largely the most intelligent
and free people on the earth. But we said "largely," for there are<pb n="115" /><anchor id="Pg115" />
millions of people in this nation that are still in the lowest grades of
ignorance and superstition. There are four millions of colored people
who can neither read nor write, and have not yet escaped from the
degrading effects of centuries of slavery. There are among the
mountaineers of the South two millions of people, descendants of a
noble race, who have for more than a hundred years been largely without
schools or intelligent churches, and they have fallen far below the
intelligence and enterprise of their fathers. Our American Indians,
though comparatively a handful, still need our care. More than half
their school population is without education or industrial habits.</p>

<p>It is among these unfortunate races that the American Missionary
Association is doing its great work. It comes to them with its schools
and churches--its schools religious and its churches intelligent--and
throughout the wide range of its work, lifting them up in knowledge and
the industries of life, and in all these directions it has accomplished
great results, planting wisely with good seed, and is beginning already
to reap large and continually enlarging harvests.</p>

<p>We print in this number of the <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Missionary</hi> two articles written by
Secretaries of the Association, which give reliable statements touching
the deplorable needs of some of these people, and yet of the cheering
transformations made in their condition by our schools and churches.
We invite attention to these two articles.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Year of Jubilee.</head>
<p>APPEAL FOR RELEASE FROM DEBT AND LIMITATIONS.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />

<head>A Jubilee Fund of $100,000 in Shares of $50 Each.</head>

<p>We have come to our Year of Jubilee. Fifty years ago the American
Missionary Association had a darker outlook than it has to-day. It saw
4,000,000 of people, children of a common Father, who were born
under the skies of our common country, in a land of churches and
Bibles, and saw them, not only with no legal rights, but not even the
rights of persons, chattels under the law, bought and sold as things,
in sin and degradation, and without hope in the world. That was a
dark outlook.</p>

<p>But God's providence came, and now the country, which the Association
could not so much as enter, is dotted with our schools,
and with ten thousand other schools, and with churches, which stand for
the truths which the Congregational churches of our land believe in
and teach. Has anything more wonderful occurred in the wonderful
fifty years, now gone by, than this change of conditions in the South,<pb n="116" /><anchor id="Pg116" />
or any more demanding duty come to our churches than the work
which has grown out of these changed conditions?</p>

<p>It belonged to no man fifty years ago to foresee the magnitude of
our work in the South. Add to this that among twenty tribes of
Indians, and our missions in the highlands of the South among the
whites, and that which has been so greatly blessed of God on the
Pacific Coast, and who could have foretold it all fifty years ago?</p>

<p>In all this we are not engaged in a merely philanthropic work; we
are doing more than to educate people in industries, <hi rend="font-style: italic">though we are doing
this</hi>. We are building on a foundation which no other can lay than is
laid, Jesus Christ. In the schoolroom, in the teachings of agriculture
and mechanics, the various trades and industries, as well as in our
churches, this is our foundation. We are bringing salvation to the
peoples who need it, knowing well that salvation includes this life, as
well as that which is to come. Our supreme thought is to hasten on
the time when there shall be a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness.
This has been, and this is, our work. Now we need to meet
our indebtedness. It is a distressing load to carry. We are seeking
to pay our obligations this Jubilee Year. We have not pressed our
grievous burden upon the churches as urgently as we would have done, because
our sister societies, in like distress, were in the field with their
special appeals. Our hearts are now gladdened by the gracious
providences that have come to them. Now, will not the churches generally
engage in a special effort to lift the burden of our debt and restore
prosperity to this work, which the churches and our individual
givers have been, and are, doing through this Association?</p>

<p>In view of these facts, we most earnestly urge as the call of this
Jubilee Year:</p>

<p>First. That measures be taken in each church to make full and regular
contributions to sustain our <hi rend="font-style: italic">current</hi> work. It has been sadly
reduced. During the last three years the receipts of the Association
have been less than in the previous three years by about $93,000
a year, and but for our retrenchments this would have made a debt
three times as great as it is now. If this reduction of receipts is to
continue it will mean a ruinous increase of debt or an equally ruinous
retrenchment of the work.</p>

<p>Second. So great is our sense of the need of sustaining our present
work that if regular contributions are not adequate we urgently appeal
that the effort be made to secure it by largely increased contributions or
by a special collection.</p>

<p>Third. That our friends and all interested in this work now so
imperiled <hi rend="font-style: italic">will take shares in the Jubilee Fund of $100,000</hi>. <hi rend="font-style: italic">This fund
is divided into 2,000 shares of $50.</hi> We would have each of these fifty<pb n="117" /><anchor id="Pg117" />
years in the Association's history stand for a special contribution of a
dollar, the whole fifty years being signalized by a Jubilee subscription
of $50 and the semi-centennial made memorial by raising the money for
the Jubilee Fund.</p>

<p>Only six months are left of the present fiscal year. We come to all
who believe in our work to help the Association and to help it now, so
that we may at the great convocation at the Jubilee convention in Boston
next October celebrate not only the heroic faith of the fathers, but
the steadfast zeal and purpose of their children.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The South.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Notes by the Way.</head>

<p>Secretary A.F. Beard.</p>

<p>In making my rounds among the schools of the Association and of
the churches I find new experiences in old paths and new incidents by
the way. Within the limitations of "an article" I cannot recall them,
but I invite my readers to visit with me some of the places <hi rend="font-style: italic">en route</hi>.</p>

<figure url="images/image01.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>FARM BUILDINGS, ENFIELD, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>[Illustration: FARM BUILDINGS, ENFIELD, N. C.]</figDesc>
</figure>

<p>It is not a long journey from New York to Enfield, N. C. We will
not find a New England village there when we leave the Weldon and
Wilmington Railway. It is quite another part of the world. A ride<pb n="118" /><anchor id="Pg118" />
of four miles among plantations and cotton fields brings us to the
latest-born school of the Association. Here are a thousand acres of
arable land, which ought to be a fortune to its owner and has been in
years gone by. Now, however, cotton and corn have ceased to be
kings, oftentimes they are more like beggars. Thus it came to pass
that this noble plantation became the property of a benevolent lady
in Brooklyn, N. Y., who made it a splendid gift to the Association,
with sufficient money to build the fine brick building which stands in
the center of this great farm, the beginning of the "Joseph K. Brick
Normal, Agricultural, and Industrial School."</p>

<p>Is it needed? We will say it is when we have acquainted ourselves
with the condition of the colored people in these parts. I know not
what could have been their condition in slavery. Except for the buying
and the selling, it could not have been worse than we find it here
to-day. Rags, ignorance, poverty, and degradation indescribable are
in the cabins. Have the children been taught in any school? No.
Can the parents read? No. Shall we find a Bible in the cabins? No.
Weak, wicked, and absolutely poor, in dumb and stolid content with
animalism and dirt, here families are herding like cattle, in windowless
and miserable cabins of one room. The children who fail to
receive the benignity of death grow up here and exist and suffer in
this dreadful life. Yet we can ride by this plantation and in sight of
it any day on our way to Florida, and never see what is so near.
Nevertheless, here it is a reality much worse than it reads, for ten
times one are ten and ten times ten are one hundred.</p>

<p>In such environment and conditions is our "Agricultural and Industrial
School" now half way through its first year.</p>

<figure url="images/image02.png" rend="w50">
<index index="fig" />
<head>PRINCIPAL T. S. INBORDEN.</head>
<figDesc>[Illustration: PRINCIPAL T. S. INBORDEN.]</figDesc>
</figure>

<p>If the principal of it should tell the story of his life, how he walked
eight miles every day for three months of the year to learn to read and
write; how he worked for 20 cents a
day to raise enough money to get away
from his limitations for an education;
how he became bell-boy at a hotel until
he earned enough to buy a grammar,
an arithmetic, and a dictionary; how
he found himself at last at Fisk University
with $1.25 with which to continue
his studies for eight years before he
could graduate; how he worked his
patient way along teaching in vacation,
pulling himself up hand over hand,
it would pay one to stay over a day for
it. There were only a few times during<pb n="119" /><anchor id="Pg119" />
the eight years in Fisk when he had money enough to stamp a half
dozen letters at once. This story, however, differs only in its incidents
from that of other students at all of our colleges. The story of their
struggles is the story of their strength.</p>

<lg>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">"Shock and strain and struggle are</l>
<l rend="margin-left: 2">Friendlier than the smiling days."</l>
</lg>

<p>All of the teachers at Enfield are graduates of Fisk University, and 
they each have their own story how heavy-weighted with poverty, they
kept "inching along" with a resolute faith that had divinity in it. Are
they not the very ones to help upward the poor boys and girls about
them who, until this year of grace, never had one chance in life, and
never dreamed of one? We will keep our eyes on the school at
Enfield.</p>

<figure url="images/image03.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>YOUNG MEN'S HALL, ENFIELD, N.C.</head>
<figDesc>[Illustration: YOUNG MEN'S HALL, ENFIELD, N.C.]</figDesc>
</figure>

<p>Next accompany me to Beaufort, N. C.. It is a place to visit. After 
we have gone as far as the land holds out, we set sail for a queer little
town as far into the sea as it could get; but when once we have arrived
there we are repaid for any temporary discomfort on the waters. We
find at Beaufort, "Washburn Seminary" with its excellent industrial 
plant--a school of much merit--and a church that gives us who are
watching and caring for churches through their weaknesses and doubtful
times, much encouragement. A few years ago it was a question if<pb n="120" /><anchor id="Pg120" />
the church would survive. Now it lives and stands for not a little and
has strength of its own. Here, at the time of our visit, a young man,
whose only educational privileges had been those of "Washburn Seminary,"
preached his first sermon to a congregation which crowded the
church. It was a most creditable discourse in method, matter, and
manner. The best of it is that, among those who have always known
him, there is the common testimony that the young preacher lives his
faith. Such incidents as this are not singular in the history of our
schools and churches, but they are significant. They represent the
evolution that is going on.</p>

<p>Of our visits at Wilmington, Greenwood, Athens and Marietta, Atlanta
and Anniston, we make no record.</p>

<p>We will come to Talladega. President DeForest, with his hearty
grip and whole-souled voice, gave me good welcome to Talladega. We
were in old times classmates and friends at Yale, when we called ourselves
boys. "You must not stop in the Hall this time, but come to
my home and we will talk over what Talladega is doing and what we
ought to do," he insisted. Precious days were those, as I now recall
them, with this scholarly man, so instinct with faith, so earnest and
hopeful in his work, so happy in his family, and so full of plans for the
time to come. We talked together of the interests of the institution
which, within seventeen years, he had led on from a normal school to
a college. Together we went through the various classrooms and
heard the recitations; the mathematics cultivating the reasoning powers,
the geography giving correct views of the world, the history widening
the vision of it, the astronomy unfolding God's love of order and truth.
We heard together the lessons in language, in ethics, in mental philosophy,
and saw the students taking on strength and character, whom he
had watched from grade to grade, from year to year. Not only in the
theological department, where students were intent upon their calling,
but in the farm work, in the industrial classes, everywhere, and on
everything, was the stamp of earnest Christianity. So, through president
and teachers, the highest ideals had been constantly held before
the students. It was inspiration to me to meet once more the devoted
teachers of the College, and the students, greedy for knowledge and
willing to work for it, on the farm, in the industries, and in whatever
way they could earn enough to help themselves through the year.
When the time came for the "Goodbye," with the hearty invitation
"come again," he did not know, nor I, that before a month should
pass I should "come again" to look my farewell upon my silent friend
who could no more welcome me. He had no word for me but I heard
a word, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, for they rest from
their labors and their works do follow them." Surely the works of<pb n="121" /><anchor id="Pg121" />
this man of God will follow him. The slow procession on that funeral
day moved out of sight, and the next day the usual College work went
on, but the days for Talladega have been sad.</p>

<p>I would that I might extend the invitation to continue and visit a
score of places with schools and churches on this journey, each of
which gave to me its own suggestions. There is the unique and
fruitful school at Cotton Valley, with its record of transformations;
there are Selma and Tougaloo, Jackson, New Orleans, Mobile,
Thomasville, Albany, Marshallville, Andersonville, Macon, Savannah,
Charleston, Knoxville, Jonesboro, and others, where schools and
churches, hand in hand, are saving the needy peoples. I can only
say that as I visited these and other places I was constantly cheered
both by the fidelity of the workers and by the efficiency of their work.
The story of these workers together with God will never be fully told.</p>

<p>In many places I found deepest poverty. The greatest luxury of the
poor people is the "schooling" of their children. Parents will go
hungry for this. Many of the children trudged along barefooted for
miles when ice was on the pools by the roadside. I found, as I have
before, churches and schools leavening their communities with more
intelligent manhood and womanhood, with better homes, with wiser
industries and economies, with stronger and truer characters. Many
times I said: "If the good people who have ordained and sustained
this work until now could only see it and know it as it actually is, our
distressing debt would vanish within half a year. Our Jubilee would
come, and we should 'arise and shine and give God the glory.'"</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>A Home Mission Work Little Understood.</head>

<p>Secretary Frank P. Woodbury.</p>

<p>Those who have visited only the cities and towns of the South have
not seen the black South. In the six Southern states containing what
has been called the Black Belt there are four millions of negro people.
Less than half a million of these live in the cities, towns, and villages,
while more than three millions and a half of them dwell on the plantations
of the country. Mr. Bryce in his work on America has called
attention to the enormous difference between the colored churches of
the cities and those of the poor negro districts, in some of which not
merely have the old superstitions been retained but there has been a marked
relapse into the Obeah rites and serpent worship of African heathenism.
The rank superstitions, the beliefs in necromancy and witchcraft, the wild
orgies of excitement, the utter divorce between the moral virtues and
what is called religion, which obtain among the millions of the plantation<pb n="122" /><anchor id="Pg122" />
negroes of the South, are but little understood. By one who knows it,
the Black Belt has been called the great Dismal Swamp, the vast black
malarial slough of the American republic.</p>

<p>Gladstone has frequently emphasized an ancient saying, "The corruption
of the best thing is the very worst thing." This is emphatically
true of much which has been called Christianity in the plantation
churches of the South. The testimony which comes to us of the moral
and religious condition of many communities in the Black Belt, is
startling. One negro witness who has been in direct association for
many years with ministers in this part of the South, says, "three-fourths
of those who are now acting as preachers in all this region, are absolutely
unfit to preach the gospel. It is rare that one can find in the
country districts where the masses of the people dwell, a minister who
is both intelligent and morally upright."</p>

<p>It is not long since the "Wilderness-Worshiper" excitement swept
through a region of the South like a prairie fire. The excitement of
expectancy for the immediate coming of Christ added fire to the hearts
of the people. Hugh pyres of pine logs were rolled together and lit
into flame as the darkness of night came on. These great fires were to
light the way for the Saviour when He should come. Men rolled their
bodies through the forests in a kind of pagan ecstasy of self-sacrifice
to meet Him. So credulous are the negroes of the Black Belt, says a
resident white lawyer, that if a fellow with a wig of long hair and a glib
tongue should appear among them and say he is the Christ, inside of a
week the turmoil of the Wilderness-Worship would be outdone.</p>

<p>Now, a great awakening is beginning among these dark masses of
people. Dr. Curry has well said: "Freedom itself is educatory. The
energy of representative institutions is a valuable school-master. To
control one's labor, to enjoy the earnings of it, to make contracts
freely, to have the right of locomotion, and change of residence and
business, have a helpful influence on mankind." Many of these people
are calling for better preachers; preachers who are earnest and virtuous
men and know their Bibles. "We used to listen," said a negro man
at a recent meeting, "to these whooping and hollering preachers who
snort so you could hear them over three hundred yards, and we would
come home and say, 'That's the greatest sermon I ever heard.' But
now we want men who can teach us something." "Our preachers are
not what they ought to be," said one woman. "We have got too
many gripsack preachers--men who go around from church to church
with a gripsack, not full of sermons, but of bottles of whisky, which
they sell to the members of their congregation." Great masses of
negro people are beginning to feel that what they have called religion
is not really religion at all.</p>

<pb n="123" /><anchor id="Pg123" />

<p>It must be remembered that every man or woman of these millions
who has reached middle life was born a slave. The great bulk of the
population have been brought up practically in the environment of a
servile life. While there was much that was tender and pathetic and
strong in the mute faith with which thousands of them lived through
the dark trials of slavery, looking unto Christ as their deliverer, still
the superstitions and degradations of slavery, its breaking of all home
ties and life, could but infect the current religion of the black people.
At its best, in multitudes of cases, it is but a form of physical and
sensational excitement. The deep work of regenerating the soul and
the life, which is the vital need of these people, is not done; it is not
even attempted in the vast majority of the negro churches of the Black
Belt. "The problem of the Kanaka in my native Hawaiian Islands,"
General Armstrong once said to me, "is one with that of the Southern
negro. The Sandwich Islander, converted, was not yet rebuilt in the
forces of his manhood." On the side of his moral nature, where he is
weakest, the black man of the South has still to be girded and energized.
In him are still the tendencies of his hereditary paganism,
the vices of his slavehood. These will sink him unless his whole nature
is regenerated by the ministration of a pure and vital Christianity.</p>

<p>The black man needs what every human being needs, help from
above. It is futile to say, he is free, let him alone. Mere freedom
never yet saved a human soul. The gospel of Christ is not a mere
declaration of freedom; it is regeneration and help from above. The
more deeply a race is sinking in degradation and sin, the more imperative
is its call for saving power from on high.</p>

<p>From what element of our population is this cry of distress and need
more agonizing than from the poor black man of the South? He is
sinking in a quicksand of ignorance, poverty, and vice. There is
nothing beneath to support his feet. He must go down unless he can
get help from above. Those who are nearest to him, and can see and
feel most deeply his desperate condition, plead most strongly in his
behalf. "The definition is very clear, sharp, and simple," says an
honored white minister of the South, "that the negroes are making a
tremendous struggle to get an education and be religious; but despite
this struggle, the bottom strata of the race are being sucked into crime
and ruin with unprecedented and increasing rapidity. But, wherever
the efforts of white Christians to aid them are regular, steady, and
strong, this destruction and debasement are stayed to a marvelous
degree. Here, then, are conditions that seem to leave no room for
either neglect or delay, so far as we are concerned. Delay is sin to
us, and death to them."</p>

<p>Another minister of the South, whose services for the black man as<pb n="124" /><anchor id="Pg124" />
well as the white man, have been those of a philanthropist, has said,
"In our extremity we look to wise and just people in the Northern
states to help us, to help both races; without Northern coöperation
things will go from bad to worse." Yet the old hard word is still
uttered by many and thought by many more, "The negro is free, leave
him to himself. We have done enough for him in taking off his slave
chains." Are we then to expect from him more than we do from the
white element of our American populations, native or foreign? Do we
refuse them the gospel of home missions, and demand from them self-extrication
from sin and its degradations?</p>

<p>Our churches have not yet awakened to the vastness and promise
of the home mission fields which they have put in charge of the
American Missionary Association. They have not yet recognized the
peculiar fitness of our free-church system for the people who have so
lately come into personal freedom that the very word is indescribably
precious to them. This Association ought now to have not only the
means for a more ample support of its educational service, but also
for the broadening of its distinctive church missions. The day has
come for the planting of free Congregational churches among the
shadowed millions of the South.</p>

<p>In the upbuilding of their minds and hearts, our fundamental work of
Christian education has been developed into remarkable fruitage, and
is steadily doing this imperative and successful service. This education
has been broad enough to make intellectual and moral leaders. It
has not been confined to those who can become only manual laborers.
With prominent emphasis upon industrial training, as is evinced by
the farms and gardens and workshops of our institutions all through
the South, we have not shut the door against the higher training.</p>

<p>The Association has never given in to what may be termed
the Southern theory of negro education, its confinement to the
manual handicrafts, and the rudiments of primary school instruction.
Nothing is more popular in the South than the practical
limitation of educational opportunities for the negro people to
the lines of manual training and the reserve of all the possibilities
of a higher education to the white, dominant race. A
prominent Southern journalist has expressed this view in the following
terms: "A little education is all the negro needs. Let him learn
the rudiments--to read, and to write, and to cipher, and be made to mix
that knowledge with some useful labor. His only resource is manual
labor." But one of the foremost colored men in the South has well
said: "There is no defence or security for any, except in the highest
intelligence and development of all. If anywhere there are efforts
tending to curtail the fullest growth of the negro, let these efforts be<pb n="125" /><anchor id="Pg125" />
turned into stimulating, encouraging, and making him the most useful
and intelligent citizen."</p>

<p>The American Missionary Association, in addition to its general and
industrial school training, has opened the doors of a higher education
to all who seek to enter in. The fruition of this opportunity now appears
at the very juncture when a call is coming from among the
millions of the back country for free churches, pure churches, churches
which emphasize virtue and intelligence. Our great schools are bringing
to us young men and young women thoroughly fitted to go preaching
and teaching among these millions. But how shall they go, except
they be sent?</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Talladega College, Ala.</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The Industrial Department.<lb />
Agriculture.</hi></p>

<p>Edgar A Bishop, B.S., Superintendent.</p>

<p>The work in the Agricultural Department the past year has been the
most satisfactory of any in its history. The young men of the Junior
Preparatory and Normal classes with several special students have
taken the classroom work, using Gulley's "First Lessons in Agriculture"
as a textbook. Among the topics considered are the following:</p>

<p>Origin, formation, and composition of soil. Composition of the
plant. How plants feed and grow. Fertilization of the seed, and
improvement of variety. Plant food in the soil and how developed.
Preparing land for the crop. Cultivation of crop. Principles of drainage
and irrigation. Manures and commercial fertilizers. Rotation of
crops. Special diversified farming. Farm economy. Food and
manure value of crops. How to propagate plants--pruning, grafting,
budding, etc. Stock breeding: feeding and care; how to select for
special purposes, detect unsoundness, determine age, etc.</p>

<p>The classroom work has been reënforced by practical talks and
illustrations at the barns and in the field.</p>

<p>Thirty-five boys have had employment in the department this year.
Six of these have worked by the month to accumulate a credit with
which to enter the day school next year, meanwhile attending our
night school. The others work after school hours and on Saturdays,
and are paid by the hour at varying rates.</p>

<p>The work on the farm has been largely the production of those crops
needed for consumption in the institution, the support of animals for
work, beef, milk, pork, etc.</p>

<p>The general improvement of the land and the increase in the value
of the property have been kept constantly in view. Our fields are
becoming more fertile, and better crops are being raised every year.</p>

<pb n="126" /><anchor id="Pg126" />

<p>An orchard of several hundred trees, consisting of pears, plums,
peaches, and cherries, has been set out. Other varieties have been
added, also quinces, mulberries, figs, and grapes. This year one each
of the Japanese walnut, giant chestnut, and paper shell pecan are being
started; also half a dozen varieties of the raspberry, some currants,
rhubarb and garden plants, with a view to propagate those that prove
valuable. Twenty of the standard varieties of strawberries have been
grown. Grasses and forage plants have also received their share of
attention. One-half acre is being devoted to a trial of three Japanese
millets in comparison with our German or golden millet. Several
varieties of corn and sorghum have been grown and their characteristics
carefully noted.</p>

<p>Inquiries are often received from persons in this and other States regarding
certain crops and methods of stock feeding. A creditable beginning
has been made in rearing live stock, and it is our purpose to
extend this branch of the work. To introduce some of the improved
breeds best adapted to this section early occupied our attention, and
we have met with encouragement beyond our expectation. Hundreds
of pigs of good breeding have been sold all through the State to form
the nucleus of better herds. Our herd of cattle is headed by a
thoroughbred Jersey and contains several registered and many high-grade
animals. It is increasing in quality and value each year.</p>

<p>Besides the work already mentioned, an annual farmers' convention
is held at the college, while meetings in some of the beats of the county
have been held during the year. Much enthusiasm has been raised,
and a determination evinced by many for better homes, better schools,
stock, crops, etc. Widespread and systematic work along this line is
planned for the ensuing year. In this way not only is the Agricultural
Department striving to be a help to the people by practicing and advocating
better methods of farming and living, but the College is becoming
more widely and favorably known among all classes of
people.</p>

<div>
<head>Cooking.</head>

<p>Miss Ruth K. Kingsley, Teacher.</p>

<p>One of the most important arts, though often neglected, is that of
cookery. The kitchen is so necessary a part of the boarding school and
of the home that its equipment and regulations should be such as to
make the work therein both easy and successful.</p>

<p>Through the kindness of friends we have been able to purchase an
excellent range and many of the improved cooking utensils now in use.
Our girls enjoy working with these modern appliances, and they are
taught the necessity of having appropriate places for them in the<pb n="127" /><anchor id="Pg127" />
drawers and cupboards with which the room is supplied.  One of the
first requirements is--a tidy kitchen.</p>

<p>We have given attention to the preparation of the dishes found on
the bill of fare of the average family, and have made much of healthful
and proper methods of cooking. We do not propose to make professional
cooks, but we hope that our girls will acquire skill sufficient to
do all that is necessary in plain and wholesome family living. The
class has been stimulated in its endeavor by the fact that the product
of their daily work has found its way to the dining-tables of the boarding
hall.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>The Laundry.</head>

<p>The building in which the laundry work is done was erected by student-labor
under the supervision of the Mechanical Superintendent.
The washing and ironing are performed in the main by our night-school
girls, who are looking forward to attendance upon the day school from
current earnings. Here also the day-school occupants of the girls'
dormitory do their own laundering, or assist after their daily recitations
in the general work of the college.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>Nursing.</head>

<p>Miss A.B. Chalfant, Teacher.</p>

<p>The course of instruction is designed to extend through two years,
the first being devoted to the sick room--care of the bed; moving and
bathing the patient; different kinds of food for the invalid, with its
preparation; making and application of poultices; rubbing, and the
administration of simple remedies.</p>

<p>In the second year more attention is given to the symptoms and the
diagnosis of disease, with something of its treatment; and the proper
course in emergencies, as in cases of burns, wounds, loss of blood, sun-strokes,
drowning, and poisoning.</p>

<p>The pupils have been chiefly from the Normal grade, though some
who are outside of the college family have been glad to avail themselves
of the opportunity to enter the class, and they have proved apt and
faithful students. Early in the beginning of this school year the instructor
offered to organize a class among the young men, and to meet
them at an hour not to conflict with other studies. Six persons
responded and a high degree of interest has been manifested.</p>

<p>The value of this department is increasingly manifest, not only in the
varied service rendered by the nurse teacher, but in the assistance
given by pupils of both dormitories at the bedside of the sick, by
mothers in the neighborhood who have been in the classes, and by the
prophecy of better things for many homes where the influence of this
work is felt.</p>
</div>

<pb n="128" /><anchor id="Pg128" />

<div>
<head>Printing.</head>

<p>The college has maintained a printing office with but few interruptions
since 1877.</p>

<p>A number of the young men were put through a course of training by
one of the officers of the institution, and for some time the printing has
been in the hands of those thus instructed, and with but little supervision.
The department has done a large share of our job work, and
during the school year has issued a monthly paper called the <hi rend="font-style: italic">Talladega
College Record</hi>.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>Sewing.</head>

<p>Miss A.B. Chalfant, Teacher.</p>

<p>While it is believed that all industrial training develops both mind
and body, yet special attention is given to the work among the girls,
that it shall be in the line of improving their future homes. With this
object in view, sewing is by no means an unimportant factor. It holds
an important place in the curriculum of this school. Beginning in the
third grade it extends through the seventh. Over two hundred pupils
have received instruction this year.</p>

<p>In the lower classes, felling, hemming, and making of button holes
are taught; in the intermediate, cutting and making plain garments;
in the higher grade the girls cut and make dresses. Instruction is
given in making garments from old clothes and also in mending--two
important accomplishments in most homes.</p>

<p>Some of the girls are able during the school year, but especially in
vacation, to earn enough by their sewing to materially aid themselves
in meeting their school expenses. Considerable sewing is done for the
institution, such as making bedding and work aprons, hemming towels
and table linen. Custom work is attempted to some extent also, and
by this means sufficient income has been derived not only to keep the
Department stocked with material, but also to supply it with appropriate
furniture for preserving the work of the pupils and displaying the
finished product.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>Woodworking and Drafting.</head>

<p>George Williamson, Instructor.</p>

<p>The best method of Industrial Education is to keep the technical
idea preëminently in view, and to teach, first, those principles which
will be of real and practical use in an industrial life or profession. It is
evident that the great mass of the people must be industrial workers in
some form; and to teach them those principles of construction and
drawing which govern all the mechanical trades is to give them preparation
for a useful and successful life.</p>

<p>We want to teach them how to express intelligently by means of<pb n="129" /><anchor id="Pg129" />
drawing their own ideas or the ideas of others, and then to embody
them in permanent and useful construction; so that at least they may
have the start and impetus toward something better than a life of blind
mechanical drudgery.</p>

<p>The extent to which we can do this is limited by our time and opportunity.
At present our instruction in the Slater shop is confined to
woodworking and mechanical drafting. We have a course of lessons
in woodworking for the boys, of the fifth, sixth, seventh, and
eighth grades, illustrating progressively the common principles of construction
in wood, and designed to develop familiarity with and
dexterity in the use of tools. In each lesson the student receives a
blue-print to work from; so that he learns to measure by scale, and
interpret a draft. At the same time he is shown a perfect model to
give him an ideal of good workmanship in the finished product. He is
not allowed to use the model as a working copy, because that would
counteract the influence of the drawing. The course is designed to
teach progressively the common principles of good construction, each
principle being repeated in different exercises so as to show its varied
application.</p>

<p>As far as possible we have a fourfold purpose in each exercise, viz.:
To illustrate a principle of construction; to develop a knowledge of
tools and skill in their use; to teach the use of working drawings and
scales; to sustain the interest of the pupil.</p>

<p>Of course there are a number of other indirect results attained at the
same time in the general development of the faculties, and the training
in habits of accuracy, patient perseverance, neatness, and order.</p>

<p>The drawing classes are designed to carry on farther the same idea
of the primary importance of technical knowledge and skill. We have
but one year of compulsory work for the boys of the ninth grade--which
provides a thorough course in plane, geometric scale, and pattern
drawing from the same text-book that is used in the government
science and art schools of Great Britain. Our plan provides another
year's work in drawing for the purpose of teaching the principles and
details of building construction, and the art of drawing plans, elevations,
sections, etc. The improvement of the students in the drawing
class is most marked and encouraging, and their interest well sustained.
They are strongly impressed with the necessity and importance of absolute
accuracy and truthfulness in their work.</p>

<p>The classes in woodworking have about two hours per week--the
first year drawing, five hours per week; the second year two hours per
week. We have but one teacher in woodworking, and our work is limited
in extent, but we are trying to do one thing well and systematically,
and the results are most encouraging.</p>
</div>
</div>

<pb n="130" /><anchor id="Pg130" />

<div>
<head>Revivals.</head>
<p></p>

</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Lincoln Academy, All Healing, N.C.</head>

<p>By Rev. James Wharton.</p>

<p>I wish to say a word about Lincoln Academy as I found it. For
several weeks they had been expecting me to go and hold evangelistic
services for the students, whom I was glad to meet, and, I may say, a
finer and more promising set of young people I have seldom met during
the past twenty years of my work in the South. They are to be the
fathers and mothers of the next generation, and will be just what
we make them. They were all in good condition and prepared to enter
upon the work of the Lord under the leadership of the principal, Miss
Cathcart, and the teachers, who are all deeply interested in the spiritual
welfare of each one under their care, and time after time one and
another were taken to their rooms apart and pleaded with at the throne
of grace, and I need not say that their efforts were signally blessed of
God, for during the past week twenty-eight students have professed
faith in Christ and are now living new lives.</p>

<p>Every one around this neighborhood speaks in the highest terms
of praise of the school and the good which is being done. A lady said
to me the other day it was easy to recognize "Lincoln Academy"
students for their good behavior and their manners. What a blessing
to have such faithful helpers to lead them. As a result we need not
wonder that parents sometimes send spoiled and wayward children
for training, while others, knowing of the good influence brought to
bear upon the children, deny themselves in every possible way that
they may send their sons and daughters that they may be fitted for
future life in the world which they have soon to face.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="pdf" level1="A Gracious Revival"/>
<index index="toc" level1="A Gracious Revival"/>
<head></head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A Gracious Revival.</hi>--Rev. Mr. Wharton, writes from Atlanta,
Ga.: "The Lord has graciously blessed His work here, and the Gospel
is still the power of God unto salvation. I have held services at Storrs
School, Atlanta University, and the First Congregational Church, and
during the last twelve days over 200 have been converted. Some
of the most prominent colored citizens of this city and some of the
most promising students of Storrs and also of the University have been
reached and have decided for Christ, the future teachers and fathers
and mothers of the next generation, who will come to the front, maybe,
when we are silent in the grave. The beauty of this work is, it does
not stop with the converts, but dark homes and hearts are going to be
reached, superstition is going to give place to sound doctrine, and the
whole country be benefited by such a revival. Parents are rejoicing on
every hand over sons and daughters and also friends being converted.<pb n="131" /><anchor id="Pg131" />
Truly 'God has done great things for us whereof we are glad.' I go
next to Selma, Ala., for Sunday. I would be thankful of your prayers
for Selma."</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Good Results of Noon Prayer-Meetings.</hi>--A teacher from
Helena, Ark., writes: "We suggested to the Christians among our
pupils that they meet in the chapel at noon recess each day for a
prayer meeting, in the hope of bringing the unconverted members of
our school to Christ. The suggestion was carried out by them and the
blessing came abundantly. The result of these meetings has been the
conversion of 25 of the 28 of our pupils who were not Christians. I
have learned one lesson, that we must prepare for the outpouring of
the spirit, and then expect great things."</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">From Tennessee.</hi>--Home again. Shall we all meet again? O,
must some parts of the work be dropped and other parts be crippled
by the debt? This will not be so if all our members are like the little
Tallmadge girl. Only five years old, lame and with suffering nerves
she has earned a dollar this year by washing dishes, and gives it to our
school. So a little child may teach us self-denial and devotion. God
speed His work and bless our efforts.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Atlanta, Ga.</hi>--"We send you $1 as an offering of the Junior Society
of Christian Endeavor of Storrs School. It is an offering of love and
gratitude. The Little Sunshine Committee of the society were very
active in gathering this. It is their second missionary effort, their
first being for the Indians at Fort Berthold."</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Obituary.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>HON. SEYMOUR STRAIGHT.</head>

<p>In the death of Mr. Straight the American Missionary Association
and the colored people of the South lose a firm and helpful friend. Mr.
Straight passed away on February 21, 1896, in the 81st year of his age.
When the Association in 1869 planted a school for the higher education
of the Negroes in New Orleans, La., it found there a few persons of
Northern birth, but who had long resided in that city, and were men
of established character and of large influence, who took interest in the
proposed institution and gave it their encouragement and support.
Among these persons the Hon. Seymour Straight was most conspicuous
for his deep interest in the project, for his useful service on the Board
of Trustees and for his large gift at the outset--in view of all which
the institution took his name.</p>

<p>Under Gen. Sheridan's laudable desire for good government in the<pb n="132" /><anchor id="Pg132" />
city of New Orleans, Mr. Straight was made a member of the City
Council. In 1868 he was appointed by the Chamber of Commerce as
a member of a committee in regard to improvements in the cities of
the State. In 1872 he was appointed a member of the International
Penitentiary Congress, to assemble in London, Eng., which appointment,
however, he was unable to accept. He received other marks of
the esteem in which he was held by his fellow-citizens. In 1869, at the
incorporation of the Straight University, he was appointed President
of its Board of Trustees, which position he held till the time of his
death. A good man has gone and his works do follow him.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>MISS EVELYN E. STARR.</head>

<p>Our school at Greenwood, S. C., mourns the loss of one of its teachers,
who, though she had been but a few months in connection with
the school, had endeared herself to both teachers and pupils. Miss
Evelyn E. Starr departed this life February 6, 1896. The principal of
the school writes: "She came to the work with a sincere love for it,
was intensely in earnest, and devoutly Christian."</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Bureau of Woman's Work.</head>

<p>Miss D. E. Emerson, Secretary.</p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>COLORED WOMEN'S WORK.</head>

<p>We often speak of the influence of the schools and churches of the
American Missionary Association, but perhaps it is not realized how
marked this is in the growth of a missionary spirit among the people.
To illustrate this we call attention to reports of a few of the Women's
Missionary Societies among the colored people.</p>

<p>The Woman's Union of Alabama reports as having raised by its
auxiliaries $259.41, and the spirit of the auxiliaries is manifested in
the following items:</p>

<p>Anniston.--A society of girls of the church, ranging in age from
five to fifteen years. The object is to increase an interest in mission
work. The monthly fee is one cent. We hope to be able to do much
more this year than we did last.</p>

<p>Jenifer.--The chief object with the Jenifer Union is Africa. The
meetings are held twice each month. Mothers' meetings are held every
Friday, where fervent prayers are offered for all missionaries. Then a
few minutes we spend in special prayer for Misses Fearing and Thomas,
and Mr. and Mrs. Sheppard, colored missionaries in Africa.</p>

<pb n="133" /><anchor id="Pg133" />

<p>Montgomery.--Our Union meets every Monday. We make articles
for sale. The money obtained in this way is used in helping any good
cause. We have sent five dollars to the American Missionary Association
for work among the Indians.</p>

<p>Talladega.--We study the various mission fields, home and foreign.
We have a Dorcas meeting when we make and repair articles of clothing.
The third meeting of the month is the Mothers' meeting, where
prayers are offered for many households. We have expended during
the year $13.60 for work at home, $32.44 for American Missionary
Association Indian work, $40.50 for foreign missions.</p>

<p>The auxiliaries of Union of the Tennessee Association report as
follows:</p>

<p>Chattanooga.--The visiting and prayer-meeting committee have been
unusually active. All classes of the sick and needy have been visited
and comforted, and consolation and financial aid carried to many
homes. Amount raised for the year, $67.24.</p>

<p>Memphis.--Our Union meets monthly, and usually discusses two or
three subjects on mission work. Our missionary cow is well, and its
owner, Sister Rachel, furnishes good milk and butter to the sick free
of charge, and will walk two miles to sell five cents' worth for the benefit
of the Union. Amount raised during the year, $63.11.</p>

<p>Nashville, Howard Church.--Our women are united in all lines of
church, mission and industrial work. We are gradually growing in
membership and enthusiasm. Our small contributions are no indication
of the interest and labor shown. Amount raised for the year,
$37.10.</p>

<p>Nashville, Jackson Street Church.--Our Union numbers about twenty
members. We have been blessed during the hard times in our effort to
do church and mission work. Receipts for the year, $50.10.</p>

<p>Louisville, Ky.--The outlook is bright for a steady progress in the
uplifting of humanity. Amount raised for the year, $21.</p>

<p>Little Rock, Ark.--Our Society has been acting in the double capacity
of church aid and missionary society. We have recently organized
a Church Aid Society in order that we may give the attention of our
Union to mission work proper at home and abroad.</p>

<p>North Carolina.--The President reports a most cheering advance in
interest and contributions, $223 having been raised by the women of
the Union during the year. This was done by very poor and hard
working women. While most of the money was spent for aid in their
churches and to the sick and needy about them, some of it was sent to
the treasury of the Missionary Board.</p>

<p>A few words from Mrs. Ella Sheppard Moore, president of the Tennessee
Association, tell the whole story. These once unhappy and<pb n="134" /><anchor id="Pg134" />
largely idle women in practical Christian effort are now employed in
Christ's name, intelligently, radiant in the joy of His salvation.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>WORK AT McLEANSVILLE, N. C.</head>

<p>MRS. S. S. SEVIER.</p>

<p>McLeansville is not a great city like New York or Chicago, where
everything seems to be in a rush, and everybody is wrapt up in business;
neither is it a great railroad center; but merely a "little flag-station."
The majority of the people here, both white and colored,
earn their living chiefly by farming.</p>

<p>Even though McLeansville is a humble little place, we have a very
pleasant work here, sustained mainly by the American Missionary
Association. At the close of the year 1894 our church building was
very small, indeed; could not hold more than sixty or seventy persons.
A "Woman's Missionary Union" was organized last August.
The first work this Union wished to do was to take steps toward
enlarging our church. We accordingly planned to hold a fair to raise
money for this purpose. The fair consisted mainly of clothing and
fancy articles made by members of the Union. Some cloth was
contributed for this purpose by Northern friends. The Union felt
much encouraged over the result, which was $50. This amount, with
an especial tax upon the members of the church, has enabled us to
make a very great improvement upon our church. It is now almost
twice as large as it was at the end of last year.</p>

<p>We feel that our year's labor thus far has been greatly blessed. We
also feel that our little mission is a worthy work. The people seem to
fully appreciate church and educational privileges.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>RECEIPTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1896.</head>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold"><hi rend="font-style: italic">THE DANIEL HAND FUND</hi></hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-weight: bold"><hi rend="font-style: italic">For the Education of Colored People.</hi></hi></p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<row>
<cell>Income for February</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$ 4,197.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27,110.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$31,307.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">==========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<p rend="text-align: center">CURRENT RECEIPTS.</p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MAINE</hi>, $292.99.</head>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. High St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Augusta. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blanchard. Jacob Blanchard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brewer. Y.P.S.C.E. Cong. Ch., Box Christmas Goods, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgton. "T"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Castine. Mrs. C. M. Cushman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight, to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cumberland Center. Helping Hand Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dennysville. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eliot. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Garland. Cong. Ch. and Soc., 5, and C.E. Soc., 2, Jubilee Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="135" /><anchor id="Pg135" />

<row>
<cell>Harrison, Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Limington. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Machias. Center St. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Machias. ----, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Bridgton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Bridgton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Gorham. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Sab. Sch. Second Parish, Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Williston Cong. Ch., C. E. Soc., Box and Bbl. Christmas Goods for <hi rend="font-style: italic">Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salsbury Cove. Mrs. M. Rich, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sanford Mills. Geo. Goodell, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Searsport. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.21</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Skowhegan. Island Av. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">24.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Berwick. Ladies of Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Berwick. ----, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Penobscot. Bapt. Ch., Bbl. C., Freight, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South West Harbor. King's Daughters, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Topsham. ----, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westbrook. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westbrook. King's D., Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whitneyville. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodfords. L. M. S. (Thank offering), 5;
  Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch. in part, 3.53</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.53</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodfords. Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head>RECEIVED AT SKYLAND INST., BLOWING ROCK, N. C.</head>

<row>
<cell>Acton. Cong. Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. ----, Bbl. C.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Harpswell Center. Cong. Soc., Bbl C.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Island Falls. Cong. Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Machias. Cong. Ch., Box and Bbl. C.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Skowhegan. Cong. Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NEW HAMPSHIRE</hi>, $1,715.92</head>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bennington. Cong. Ch., 3.56, and C. E. Soc., 4.35</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berlin Mills. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Derry. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., Lincoln Day Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. "A Friend for the Debt," in Memory of Rev. J. H. Stearns, D.D.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. "Two Friends," Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Exeter. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">133.08</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Francestown. M. C. Willard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Gilmanton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.43</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hillsboro Bridge. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jaffrey. Ladies, First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Joppa, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Laconia. Mrs. H. F. Smith, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.83</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Manchester. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milford. Pilgrim Ch., Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashua. Y. P. S. C. E. of First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Hampton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pembroke. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Penacook. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Penacook. Y. P. S. C. E. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stratham. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Temple. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wolfborough. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.92</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head>RECEIVED AT SKYLAND INST., BLOWING ROCK, N. C.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alstead. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Acworth. Mrs. W. Neal, Bbl. C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chester. Cong. Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. First Cong. Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hancock. Ladies' Soc., Bbl. C.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$365.92</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATES.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>New Ipswich. Estate Dea. Leavitt Lincoln, by Rev. Geo. F. Merriam, Trustee</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pembroke. Estate of Mrs. Sarah C. Fellows, by Jacob E. Chickering, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,000.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plaistow. Estate of Mary S. Kelly, by Louis G. Hoyt, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">300.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,715.92</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">VERMONT</hi>, $2,330.21.</head>

<row>
<cell>Berlin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brattleboro. Mrs. Mary L. Hadley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Mrs. Chapman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brownington. S. S. Tinkham</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brownington. Ladies' Cong. Ch., Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. Mrs. W. J. Van Patten, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge. Madison Stafford</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charlotte. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Corinth. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Essex Junction. Oppor'y Circle, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greensboro. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Florence. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.87</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Manchester. E. J. Kellogg</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Manchester. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Knox Inst., Athens, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Manchester. W. H. M. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIndoes Falls. Cong. Ch., 2. Bbls. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Morgan. Lucy Little</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newbury. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newbury. Mrs. Anna E. Keyes, Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. Woman's Aux., Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pawlet. A. Flower</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Mrs. L. E. Martin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saint Johnsbury. Jr. C. E. S. North. Ch., Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Strafford. Cong. Ch., 10;
  Sab. Sch., 2;
  Y. P. S. C. E. (thank off.), <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi>, 4;
  by Rev. Henry Cummings</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Townshend. Mrs. H. P. Holbrook</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weston. Mrs. C. W. Sprague</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of Vt., by Mrs. Rebecca P. Fairbanks, Treas., for Woman's Work:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Barton. Children's Mission Band, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.74</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chelsea. Ladies' Benev. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  East Fairfield. Jun. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Coventry. Busy Bees, adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  East Hardwich. Jun. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Hartland. Jr. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Jericho Center. Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Milton. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Norwich. S. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Rutland. Jr. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Saint Johnsbury. Miss Margaret Hazen's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.55</cell>
</row>

<pb n="136" /><anchor id="Pg136" />

<row>
<cell>  Sherburne, Miss Lena A. Round's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Westford. Homeland Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Westminster.  Mrs. C. W. Thompson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  ---- "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  ---- "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 130.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$330.21</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATE.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>West Brattleboro. Estate of Mrs. Elvira Stedman, by D. B. Stedman, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2,000.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$2,330.21</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MASSACHUSETTS</hi>, $8,145.15.</head>

<row>
<cell>Abington. First Cong. Ch., Peter Talbot</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andover. Sab. Sch. West Cong Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freedmen</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">39.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andover.  Rev. C. C. Starbuck, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. Amherst College Ch. (60 of which from President M. E. Gates to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Mary L. Snell</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Sabra C. Snell</hi> L. M.'s)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">158.83</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashfield. "Taylor Family"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Athol. Ladies' Immanuel Ch., Bbl. C., Freight paid <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburndale. Y. P. S. C. E. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ballardvale. Union Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berkely. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blackstone. Cong. Ch., 7;   Y. P. S. C. E., 2, and Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blanford. Harriet M. Hinsdale, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boston. Park St. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Allston. Mrs. R. H. Bird, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Dorchester. Second Cong. Ch., Mrs. Wm. Wales, to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss E. A. Wales</hi> L. M. 30;
    B. C. Hardwick, 25;
    "A Friend," Lincoln Mem. Day Off., 3</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">58.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Roxbury. Mrs. S. A. Dwight, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Orange Park, Fla.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Highland Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Highland Cong. Ch., Extra Cent-a-day Band</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 161.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boxborough. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brockton. Olivet Mem. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brockton. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Buckland. "Life Member"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport. Pilgrim Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport. Wood Memorial Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport. ----, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Andersonville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Campello. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charlemont. Y. P. S. C. E., First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chelesa. Central Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">77.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chester Center. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.51</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicopee. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicopee Falls. Second Cong. Ch.  </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dalton. Zenas Crane, 100;
  W. M. Crane, 100, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Douglas. Sab. Sch., 1.55;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 1.75;
  Jr. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Evarts, Ky.</hi>, 1.70, Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dudley. Miss Nichols, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Easthampton. C. E. Soc., of Payson Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Erving. L. B. Soc., Y. P. S. C. E. and King's Daughters of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Everett. Mrs. Andrew Allen, 4;
 Mrs. Geo. W. Fitz, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Enfield, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fall River. Y. P. S. C. E. of Central Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fall River. Clinton Remington, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Foxboro. Primary S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Framingham. Plymouth Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">51.21</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Gill. Y. P. S. C. E., by Jessie S. Moore, Sec., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Globe Village. Evang. Free Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.88</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Granville Center. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Great Barrington. First Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenfield. Mrs. Dwight R. Tyler</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwich. Ladies M. S., Bbl. C., Freight, 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hampden. Ladies' Soc. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Haverhill. Algernon P. Nichols, 10;
  Mrs. Clark, 3, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Holyoke. "The Ladies' Prayer Circle" of Second Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Macon, Ga.</hi>, bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. John Halle</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hyannis. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hyde Park. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>	Ipswich. First Parish Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lawrence. Sab. Sch. Trinity Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Macon, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Leominster. Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">79.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Littleton. Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lowell. Pawtucket Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lunenburg. E. C. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lynn. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marlboro. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medford. Mystic Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M., Fort Yates, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose. Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">105.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose Highlands. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.03</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Methuen. Mission Band, Box Christmas Gifts <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middleboro. Thomas P. Carleton, for Gospels, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milford. Y. P. S. C. E. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mittineague. Southworth Paper Co., Box Stationery, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newburyport. Powell Mission Circle, North Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Enfield, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newton. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Amherst. ----, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northampton. Mrs F. A. Clark, 30;
  H. G. Maynard, 25</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">55.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Andover. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Billerica. Mrs. E. R. Gould, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Middleboro. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">44.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Newton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norton. Aux. of Woman's Board of Missions, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford. L. M. Band, by Mrs. A. E. F. Childs, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to Savannah, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield. Mrs. H. A. Campbell, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., 10;
  Second Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off's., 7.62</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plymouth. Ch. of the Pilgrimage</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.11</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Reading. Jr. C. E. Soc. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockland. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="137" /><anchor id="Pg137" />

<row>
<cell>Salem. Y. P. S. C. E. South Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Big Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Sab. Sch. Tabernacle Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Horace M. Brown</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Sab. Sch. Tabernacle Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Grandma Pierce, 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Teacher</hi>;
  Primary Class S. S. South Ch., 2, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Miss M. T. Strout, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N.C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sharon. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Mary L. Hixson</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shelburne. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Hardy Davis</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shelburne. Ladies' Circle Cong. Ch., Bbl. C., Freight 1.25, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sangus. "A King's Daughter," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somerville. Prospect Hill Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A.H. Hines, William Burroughs</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">W. G. Hallock</hi> L. M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">82.49</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somerville. Highland Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Southampton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., 22.48;
  "A Friend," 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Southbridge. Mrs. B. U. Bugbee, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Deerfield. Ladies' Soc. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Framingham. Grace Cong. Ch. ("100 of which to reduce the Debt")</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">360.16</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley. Miss Mary F. Leach</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">60.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley Falls. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.11</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Weymouth. Mrs. Wm. Dyer, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Spencer. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">194.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Spencer. S. S. Class, by Geo. H. Marsh, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Boys</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Ladies' M. S., Bbl. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. North Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stoughton. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Topsfield. Boys' Missionary Class, 10;
  Y. L. M. Circle, 10;
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walpole. Sab. Sch. Second Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.09</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waltham. Cong. Ch., Jr. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware Center. Ladies' Cong. Ch., Bbl. Papers, Freight pd. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Warren. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wendell. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Boxford. Cong. Ch. Aid Soc., 20 Bibles <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Groton. Evan. Christian Union Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi>, and to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Clifford E. Bixby</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hatfield. Ladies' Aid Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hawley. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westminster. ----</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Newburyport. Rev. H. V. Moses, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Springfield. First Cong. Ch., Jubilee Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Mrs. O. P. Spellman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester. Summer St. Cong. Ch., 60, to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Edward L. Smith</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Arthur Whipple</hi> L. M.'s;
  Sab. Sch. Plym. Ch., 47.26;
  ----, 30 to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Rufus Taft</hi> L. M.;
  Mrs. Sarah K. Goddard, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">142.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Association of Mass. and R. I., Miss Annie C. Bridgman, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  W. H. M. A., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Salaries of Teachers</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">340.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$3,344.41</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATES.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Andover. Estate of Calvin E. Goodell, by S. H. Boutwell, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2,329.19</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield. Estate of Mrs. Hannah M. Hurd, by James A. Burbank, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,228.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walpole. Estate of Mrs. Mary B. Johnson, by Frederic Gould, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,243.19</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$8,145.15</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head>CLOTHING, BOOKS, ETC., RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE.</head>

<row>
<cell>Gray, Me. Rev. H. O. Thayer, Bbl. and Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N.C.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Berwick, Me. Ladies of Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jaffrey, N. H. Ladies' First Cong. Ch., Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Joppa, Ala.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashfield, Mass. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Marshallville, Ga.</hi></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">RHODE ISLAND</hi>, $57.59.</head>

<row>
<cell>Little Compton. United Cong. Ch. (18.09 of which for Freedmen)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.29</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. Central Cong. Ch., 9.70, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M., Fort Yates, N. D.</hi>;
  Edward Moore, 5.30, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. Elmwood Temple, Y. P. S. C. E., 2;
  Y. P. S. C. E., North Ch., 1.65</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. Ladies' Circle Plymouth Ch., Bbl. C., etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Knoxville, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>River Point. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thornton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">CONNECTICUT</hi>, $9,683.74.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ashford. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bethlehem. Cong. Ch. L. B. Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Ladies' Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bristol. Lena J. Upson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chester. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clinton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cromwell. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">91.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Danbury. "Little Workers," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Church, New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Darien. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Deep River. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.02</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Hampton. Mrs. S. Skinner and Others, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Dept. Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Hartford. Alice Worth's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.07</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Windsor Hill. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Falls Village. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">155.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Y. P. S. C. E., Jubilee Off., by Miss Mary J. Hart</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.61</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Glastonbury. J. B. Williams, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Touglaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Goshen. Elisabeth Wadhams</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Guilford. Cong. Ch. and C. E. Soc., one and one-half Bbls. C. and Table Linen <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Storrs Sch., Atlanta, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hadlyme. J. W. Hungerford, 50;
  R.E. Hungerford, 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">60.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. Second Ch. of Christ, 100;
  Asylum Hill Cong. Ch., "A Friend," 50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">150.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. Ladies' B. Class, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N.C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hebron. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hebron. Y. P. S. C. E. by Mrs. G. A. Little, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hebron. Cong. Ch., L. B. Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<pb n="138" /><anchor id="Pg138" />

<row>
<cell>Ivoryton. Mrs. E.A. Northrop, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kent. Y.P.S.C.E., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Killingly. Y.P.S.C.E., by Miss Maud W. Deverell, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lebanon.  First Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Chas. A. Perkins</hi> L. M., 56.48;
  "A Friend," 25</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">81.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ledyard. Mrs. Anna Gallup, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight to McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ledyard. Y.P.S.C.E., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Litchfield. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Madison. Miss E. T. Nash, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. Mrs. M. P. Bradley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. First Cong. Ch., "I. H. N.," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milford. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Britain. South Ch., Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. C. E. Soc., Ch. of the Redeemer, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Sab. Sch. Center Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Schp., Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Johnson, 8.10; Mrs. E. Banton, Col, 3; Mrs. E. Gates, 90c., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Preston. "E. C. W.," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Allen Normal Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norfolk. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Branford. Sab. Sch. and Y.P.S.C.E. of Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwalk. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">69.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich.  Miss Rossiter, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Miss Barbara McDowell's S. S. Class, adl., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwichtown. Miss Mary Perkins, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange. S. S. Classes of Mrs. C. H. Russell and Miss Sperry, Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pomfret. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">35.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Putnam. Hattie E. Clark's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salisbury. Mrs. Burrall's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Grand View, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saybrook. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Simsbury. Y.P.S.C.E., by Caroline F. Pattison</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Simsbury. Y.P.S.C.E., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Canaan. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Glastonbury. Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.89</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Manchester. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.78</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Norwalk. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Windsor. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sound Beach. Jr. C. E. Soc., Pilgrim Ch., 3.40; C. E. Soc., Pilgrim Ch., 3.37</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stamford. Y.P.S.C.E. of First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">55.56</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stamford. Cong. Y.P.S.C.E. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stratford. Cong. Ch. Y.P.S.C.E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talcottville. Mrs. S. A. Talcott, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terryville. Heirs of R. D. H. Allen, by Charles I. Allen, Executor, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for the Freedmen</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">45.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terryville. Mrs. Lois Gridley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomaston. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thompson. Cong. Soc., 2 Bbls. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Torrington. Sab. Sch. Third Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Torrington. Mrs. Ida E. F. Burr, 10; Mrs. Lyon, 1; <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Trumbull. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.07</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waterbury. "A Friend".</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westminster. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weston. Norfield Y.P.S.C.E., by Anna E. Fitch, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Torrington. W. M. Circle, by H. M. Hayes, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westville. The Misses Ogden, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Winsted. Geo. M. Carrington</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.41</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windsor. First Cong. Ch., 28, and Sab. Sch., 10.42</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winthrop. Mrs M. A. Jones</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>----. "A Friend in Conn."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Cong. Home Missionary Union of Conn., Mrs. W. W. Jacobs, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Cheshire. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Norwich. Greensville Ch., L. H. M. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Trumbull. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Wallingford. L. B. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">110.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,900.24</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATES.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Hebron. Estate of Benjamin A. Bissell, by J. Henry Jagger, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Britain.  Estates of Sophia and and Cordelia Stanley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7,283.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$9,683.74</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NEW YORK</hi>, $1,507.49.</head>

<row>
<cell>Albany. Miss A. Van Vranken, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Aquebogue. Class of Boys, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashville. Y.P.S.C.E. of Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bethel. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.86</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Rev. A. F. Beard, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Dept. Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Rev. S. B. Halliday, 20; Park Cong. Ch., 15.83; Rochester Av. Cong. Ch., 3.31</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">39.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Primary Class Bethany S. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Y.P.S.C.E., Park Av. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Buffalo. Pilgrim Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Buffalo. Int. C. E. S. Del. Av. Bapt. Ch., Box C. For McIntosh, Ga.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Camden. L. H. M. S.  of Cong. Ch., 2 large Boxes C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hillsboro, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Candor. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Canandaigua. Mrs. Fitch, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clayville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clifton Springs. Miss Tappan</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Corona. Y.P.S.C.E., by Mrs. Wm. J. Peck, Box Toys, C., etc.; 1.25 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight</hi>, also 2 S. S. Rolls <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst., Savannah, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>De Kalb. Rev. R. C. Day</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fairport. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Flushing. First Cong. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.03</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hamilton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hancock. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Harpersfield. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hopkinton. Cong. Ch., 40 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi>; 10 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi>; 9.72 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi>; 5 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Chinese M.</hi>, and to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. John Harron</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss A. Post</hi> L. M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">64.72</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lisle. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.42</cell>
</row>

<pb n="139" /><anchor id="Pg139" />

<row>
<cell>Maine. Cong. Ch., Member</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mount Hope. Christ Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mount Morris. Soc. Christian Workers,
  Presb. Ch., Bbl. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss</hi>.</cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mount Vernon. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Lots. V. P. M. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg
  Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York.  The Virginia Lend-a-Hand
  Club, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic,
  Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">45.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York.  Mrs. A. B. Woodford, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Beach Inst., Savannah, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orwell. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day
  Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oswego Falls. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Owego. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central
  Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Owego. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Paris. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Young Ladies, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Randolph. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.86</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Remson. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rensselaer Falls. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.,
  Lincoln Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Plymouth Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">29.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. South Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central
  Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rushville. Rev. F. T. Hoover, Bbl.
  Potatoes <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood, S.C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salamanca. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saratoga Springs. G. F. Harvey, Box
 C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
 <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sayville. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., 14.58;
  Cong Ch., adl. 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Smyrna. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Spencerport. ----, Bbl. Bedding <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. Plymouth Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., Danforth
  Cong. Ch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans,
  La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Troy. S. Tappin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch.,
  Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walton. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">74.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Brook. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln
  Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield. Miss S. S. Patterson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield. Sab. Sch. Presb. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Winfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodhaven. Mrs. Wheat's S. S. Class,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodside. Y. P. S. C. E., by Fannie
  Jones, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of N.
Y., by Mrs. J. J. Pearsall, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Woman's Work:</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Brooklyn.  Tompkins Av.
      Cong. Ch., S.S. Class G,
      <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Lincoln
      Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Middletown. First Ch., Ladies
      Guild</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Newark Valley. "M.S.," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
      Central Ch., New Orleans,
      La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">New York. Broadway Tabernacle
      Soc., for Women's Work</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">276.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Poughkeepsie. L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Poughkeepsie. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 334.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$965.56</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATES.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Lewiston. Estate of Abigail Peck, by
  George E. Wilcox, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York.  Estate of J. F. Delaplaine</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,507.49</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NEW JERSEY</hi>, $1,068.20.</head>

<row>
<cell>East Orange. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">67.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Freehold. Dr. J. S. Long, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Glen Ridge. Cong. Ch. (10 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Grand View, Tenn.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">179.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jersey City Heights. Mrs. Henry O. Ames</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montclair. L. M. Soc., by Mrs. J. L. Snyder</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montclair. Cong. Ch., Lot of Bedding
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Morristown. Monroe Miss. Soc., Bbl. C.
  and Literature <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Savannah, Ga.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newark. Belleville Cong. Ch. (30 of
  which from Mrs. E. P. Denison), 142;
  C. S. Haines, 50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">192.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainfield. J. A. Robinson, 10; Miss A.
E. Manktilow, 2, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New
  Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield.  Ladies' Soc., Cong. Ch., Bbl.
  C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodbridge. Y. P. S. C. E., First
  Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New
  Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of the
  N. J. Ass'n., by Mrs. J. H. Denison,
  Treas.:</cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Bound Brook, N. J. Cong.
      Ch., W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Philadelphia, Penn. Central
      Cong. Ch., W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Washington, D. C. First
      Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 41.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$517.22</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATES.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Englewood.  Estate of Rev. Geo. B.
  Cheever, D.D., by Rev. Henry T.
  Cheever, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">467.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hammonton. Estate of Albert D. Whitmore,
  by Mrs. E. L. Whitmore</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">83.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,068.20</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">PENNSYLVANIA</hi>, $214.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Chester. Mrs. T. I. Leiper, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Germantown. Mrs. B. R. Smith, 6;
  Mrs. E. B. Stork, 5; Rev. Chas. Wood,
  D.D., 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic,
  Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Wilmington.  Faulkner Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Wilmington.  Neshannock Presb.
 Ch., 3 Bbls. and 1 Box C. and Christmas
  Gifts <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ogontz School. 2 Boxes C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing
  Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Philadelphia. John H. Converse, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
 Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Philadelphia. Mrs. W. H. Kemble, 15;
  Mrs. E. H. Farnum, 5; G. J. Simmons,
  5; H. A. Chase, 5; D. W. Hunt, 2;
  Col. John McKee, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Scranton. Plymouth Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waring. M. T. Donaldson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Philadelphia. Mrs. Rebecca White,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>----. Miss E. Scott, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Missionary Union, of Penn.,
  Mrs. T. W. Jones, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's
  Work</hi>:</cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Guy's Mills.  W. M. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
    Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="140" /><anchor id="Pg140" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">OHIO</hi>, $339.90.</head>

<row>
<cell>Akron. Sab. Sch. West Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Akron. First Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Aurora. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Austinburg. Ladies' Soc., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burton. First Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. E. O. Mead</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Claridon. Sab. Sch Cong. Ch., by P. C. Spencer, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. "A Friend," 25;
  Lakewood Cong. Ch., 7.66</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">32.66</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Mrs. Mary F. Willard, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freedmen and Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. L. S. U., Archwood Av. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Creston. W. H. M. S., Jackson Presb. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eagleville. Y. P. S. C. E., by Mrs. F. G. Peck, Chm.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.51</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fort Recovery. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kent. Mrs. S. O. Hathaway, S. S. Class of Boys, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marion. Mrs. Mary B. Vose, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medina. First Cong. Ch., Jubilee Off. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. W. G. Olinger</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Miss Calista Andrews, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Sab. Sch. First Ch., 10;
  Mrs. E. B. Clark, 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Mrs. A. B. Reed, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Percy Pond, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Second Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Painesville. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Painesville. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Macon, Ga.</hi> </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Painesville. W. H. Stocking</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Perrysburg. S. P. Tolman</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield. Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ravenna. C. A. Newton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Richfield. Ladies' Soc. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood S. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rootstown. Miss Fanny Parson's S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi> </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Senecaville. Rev. Evans Thompson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Salem. Daniel S. Pricer</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. First Cong. Sab. Sch., 7.32;
  First Cong. Ch., bal. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Campton, Ky.</hi>, 10 cts</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Toledo. Birmingham Cong. Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Mill Grove. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Willoughby. Miss Jennie Sharpe, 3 Pkgs. S. S. Papers <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Zanesville. Sab. Sch. Second St. M. E. Ch., 50 Gospel Hymns <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mobile, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>
Ohio Woman's Home Missionary Union, Mrs. George B. Brown, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Andover. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.79</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Andover. J. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.21</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chatham Center</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Cleveland. Euclid, W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Columbus. Eastwood, "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Edinburg.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Sandusky. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Toledo. Second.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 52.50</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">INDIANA</hi>, $51.47.</head>

<row>
<cell>Brimfield. Miss Mary Huston, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi> </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elkhart. Cong. Ch., 6.85;
  Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., 10; Lincoln Day Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fort Wayne. Y. P. S. C. E. of Plymouth Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Liber. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.33</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Michigan City. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terre Haute. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.52</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ILLINOIS</hi>, $794.77.</head>

<row>
<cell>Brimfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chapin. Mission Band, Quilt, Patchwork, Scrap Books, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. "Cash," 100;
  Leavitt St. Cong. Ch., 8.87;
  Pacific Ch., 8.07;
  "A Widow," 5;
  Tabernacle C. E., 4.81;
  Mrs. Carrol Cutler, 2;
  Miss Susan R. Cutler, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">130.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cobden. Sab. Sch. Class, Cong. Ch., by May Wright, Teacher</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Concord, "A Few Friends," Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Earlville. "J. A. D.," 25;
  Cong. Ch., 13.40</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elmhurst. Bbl. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Galena. Mrs. A. Bean</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Highland. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hinesdale. Cong. Bible Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Student Aid, Talladega. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jacksonville. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>La Salle. E. C. Hegeler, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lincoln. Miss Ellen E. Robbins</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Morrison. William Wallace</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oak Park. Cong. Ch., adl.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oak Park. L. B. S., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peoria. Mrs. John L. Griswold, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peoria. Plymouth C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peru. First Cong. Ch., 11.51;
  Y. P. S. C. E. of First Cong. Ch., 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.51</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Princeton. Mrs. S. C. Clapp</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plymouth. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shabbona. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sheffield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">54.71</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thawville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>----. Bbl. Comforts, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Illinois Woman's Home Missionary Union, Mrs. L. A. Field, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Avon. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chicago. Union Park W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chicago. Covenant W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chicago. Lincoln Park W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Chicago. Mrs. J. W. Willard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Godfrey. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Griggsville. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Jacksonville. Y. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Joy Prairie. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  McLean. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Ravenswood. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Marseilles. W. M. S. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Rollo. Mission Band, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 192.84</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MICHIGAN</hi>, $342.91. </head>

<row>
<cell>Almont. Cong. Ch., 2.83;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 5.15, by Sarah Durham, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.98</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Almont. ----, Box Christmas Goods <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Baldwin. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<pb n="141" /><anchor id="Pg141" />

<row>
<cell>Benton Harbor. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Benton Harbor. Ladies' Cong. Ch., Bdl. Quilts <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Benzonia. Jr. C. E. Soc., Box Christmas Goods <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Breckenridge. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charlotte. ----, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chief Lake. Mrs. S. A. B. Carrier</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Detroit. Fort St. Cong. Ch. Y. P. S. C. E., Box Toys, etc., and 2.75, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Medicines for Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Detroit. Little Dorothy Conant Carson, by Mrs. Sam'l Carson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Detroit. ----, Bbl. Christmas Goods <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi>;
  Miss Mallory, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi>;
  Ladies' Soc., Brewster Ch., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eaton Rapids. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Box S. S. Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ewen. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.17</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand Rapids. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand Rapids. Smith Mem. Ch., Bbl. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Leslie. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lowell. ----, Bbl. C. for Athens, Ala.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Luddington. Willie Hammond, Cards <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Muskegon. ----, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pontiac. L. H. M. U., 2 Bbls. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N.C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Republic. Miss Mary Erwin</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rondo. Y. P. S. C. E., by Mrs. C. H. Hoffman, Lincoln Mem. Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.69</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saginaw. Mrs. A. M. Spencer</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wheatland. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wyandotte. Dr. Weaver, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of Michigan, by Mrs. E. F. Grabill, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Alpena. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Athens. Ladies' Dime Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Churche's Corners. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Detroit. First Ch. Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi>, 23.04,
    and <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Pleasant Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi>, 24.23</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">47.27</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Grand Rapids. Smith Memorial Ch., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Grape. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Grass Lake. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Greenville. S. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Highland Station. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Kalamazoo. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Muskegon. First Ch., W. H. M. S., 5;
    First Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Stockbridge. Mrs. E. W. Woodward, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Ypsilanti. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 97.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$192.91</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATE.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Benzonia. Estate of Amasa Waters, by L. P. Judson, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">150.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$342.91</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">IOWA</hi>, $263.45.</head>

<row>
<cell>Albia. Mrs. Mary A. Payne</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Avoca. Rev. John Single</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bellevue. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Belmond. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Belmond. Miss Linck, S. S. Class, Box Christmas Gifts <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cedar Rapids. Y. P. S. C. E. First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Corning. First Cong. Ch., 14;
  C. E., 2;
  Sab. Sch., 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cresco. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Decorah. S. S. Class, E. J. Riley, Teacher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Des Moines. Bentley &amp; Olmstead, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>De Witt. Y. L. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eldora. Cong. Ch. (37.50 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Glenwood. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand View. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Monticello. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montour. Jr. C. E. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mortimer. Jr. C. E. Soc., Quilt and Roll Material <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Sewing Sch., Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashua. C. E. Soc., Cong. Ch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pilgrim. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Postville. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Self-Denial Off., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockford. Mrs. J. B. Parmenter, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waterloo. Mr. and Mrs. Emmons Johnson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waucoma. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Iowa Woman's Home Missionary Union, Miss Belle L. Bentley, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Creston. L. H. M. Circle</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Decorah. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Des Moines. North Park L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Fairfield. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Fort Dodge. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Genoa Bluffs. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  McGregor. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Newell. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Red Oak. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Tabor. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.33</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 63.73</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$257.17</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATE.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Fontanelle. Estate of Alex. M. Gow</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$263.45</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">WISCONSIN</hi>, $10,391.07.</head>

<row>
<cell>Edgerton. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elkhorn. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Koshkonong. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Madison. Ladies' Home Miss'y Soc., Box Furnishings <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Home, Mobile, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Menasha. Jr. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Menomonie. Mrs. V. A. Knapp</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milwaukee. North Side Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oakland. S. S. Class, by Mrs. L. S. N. Allen, Teacher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peshtigo. Rev. E. W. Andrews, 5;
  Ethel D. Andrews (thank offering), 5;
  Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off., 5.62</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.62</cell>
</row>

<pb n="142" /><anchor id="Pg142" />

<row>
<cell>Ripon. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">63.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Spring Prairie. Mrs. James Brierly</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sun Prairie. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Viroqua. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waukesha. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whitewater. Cong. Ch., 2 B. of C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wisconsin Woman's Home Missionary Union, Mrs. C. M. Blackman, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Beloit. First W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Brandon. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Elkhorn. W. M. U., 25;
    Miny Hand, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Madison. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Milwaukee. Grand Ave., W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Milwaukee. Pilgrim, W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Milwaukee. Hanover St., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Wauwatosa. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 135.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$391.07</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ESTATE.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Trust Estate, by Trustee</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10,000.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$10,391.07</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MINNESOTA</hi>, $226.65.</head>

<row>
<cell>Audubon. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beaver Creek. Jr. C. E., Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Glyndon. Ch. at Glyndon, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hawley. Union Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kasson. Mrs. J. G. Van Frank, Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lake Park. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lake Stay. Ethel Chase and Alma Nelson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Litchfield. Miss M. Weeks, 5; ----, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Sab. Sch. of Pilgrim Cong. Ch., bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Nettie M. Getchell</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Primary S. S. Park Av. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Marion, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Plymouth Ch. H. M. S., Box C. and Bedding <hi rend="font-style: italic">for King's Mountain, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York Mills. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.37</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northfield. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.02</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northfield. ----, Box Pictures <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saint Cloud. Cong. Ch. L. M. S., Bbl. C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wadena. Cong. Ch. Y. L. M. Band, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Sch., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minnesota Woman's Home Missionary Union, by Mrs. M. W. Skinner, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Austin.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Benson. S. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Elk River.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Elk River. Meadow Vale</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Excelsior.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.38</cell>
</row>


<row>
<cell>  Lake City. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Minneapolis. Plymouth, 15.96;
    Park Av., 15;
    Lyndale S. S., 10.51;
    First, 3.27;
    "A Friend," 8</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">52.74</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Northfield. ----, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Robbinsdale.  Jr. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Saint Paul. Bethany, 2.50;
    South Park, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Saint Paul. Plymouth C. E. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$123.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Less expenses</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 108.13</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MISSOURI</hi>, $18.88.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ironton. Jesse Markham</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jackson. Ruth Gample and P. Lester, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kansas City. Rev. S. Penfield, 6;
  Mary A. Kendrick, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lamar. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.20  </cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. "Friends of Mission Work," by Rev. J. F. Graf</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Webster Groves. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.43</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">KANSAS</hi>, $3.90.</head>

<row>
<cell>Leavenworth. H. L. Varney, 6 Pkgs. S. S. Papers <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wabaunsee. S. S. Class, Mrs. J. St. John, Teacher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wellington. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.40</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NEBRASKA</hi>, $164.90.</head>

<row>
<cell>Omaha. Saint Mary's Ave. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.34</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santee Agency. Miss Edith Leonard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santee. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">62.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilcox. Rev. and Mrs. S. L. Unger</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wisner. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.25</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NORTH DAKOTA</hi>, $87.49.</head>

<row>
<cell>Dwight. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.54</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fargo. Mrs. M. M. Fisher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. Dwight Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fort Berthold. Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off., 50;
   W. M. Soc. of Cong. Ch., 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">60.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union, of North Dakota, by Mrs. J. M. Fisher, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>: </cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Cummings. Mission Band</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Lisbon. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Wahpeton. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 14.45</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">SOUTH DAKOTA</hi>, $5.25.</head>

<row>
<cell>Faulkton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fort Pierre. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winfred. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MONTANA</hi>, $12.06.</head>

<row>
<cell>Castle. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Helena. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.06</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">IDAHO</hi>, $2.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Mount Home. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">OKLAHOMA</hi>, $2.30. </head>

<row>
<cell>Guthrie. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.30</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ARIZONA</hi>, $1.54. </head>

<row>
<cell>Nogales. Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., by Olive C. Mix, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.54</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">COLORADO</hi>, $30.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Boulder. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greeley. Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., of Park Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Scholarship, Santee Indian Sch., Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="143" /><anchor id="Pg143" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">CALIFORNIA</hi>, $256.61.</head>

<row>
<cell>Etna Mills. Scott Valley Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.61</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Berkeley. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Redlands. Lugonia Terrace Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Diego. Mrs. H. M. Butler, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Moorhead Sch., Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. The California Chinese Mission. William Johnstone, Treas. (see items below)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Vacaville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Southern Cal. Woman's Home Missionary Union, by Mrs. Mary M. Smith, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Redlands. First Cong. Ch. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">WASHINGTON</hi>, $3.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Sultan. C. W. Mercer</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA</hi>, $2.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Washington. Miss C. L. Franklin, 1;
  Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Moore, 1;
  Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MARYLAND</hi>, $31.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Baltimore. Wm. Wood, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Federalsburg. L. J. Deming, to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Jane Deming</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">VIRGINIA</hi>, $56.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cappahosic.  Educational Club, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Herndon Mrs. M. E. Leonhardt</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>---- R. J. Pollard, 50c.;
  H. West, 50c. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">KENTUCKY</hi>, $11.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Corbin. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Evarts. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pioneer. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Red Ash. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 2.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">TENNESSEE</hi>, $135.12.</head>

<row>
<cell>Big Creek Gap. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Deer Lodge. A. L. Ross</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville.  L. A. Soc. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., Jubilee Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville. Miss I. F. Hubbard, 25 copies Gospel Hymns <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Knoxville</hi>.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis. J. S. Menken, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Kindergarten, Memphis, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville. Jackson St. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville. Rev. F. A. Chase, 5, and <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi>, 4</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">NORTH CAROLINA</hi>, $51.80.</head>

<row>
<cell>Beaufort. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>High Point. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saluda. Rev. E. W. Hollies and wife, to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Mary C. Phelps</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilmington. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Missionary Union, Miss A. E. Farrington, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Oaks. "Friend," 4;
    Y. P. S. C. E., 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">SOUTH CAROLINA</hi>, $20.32.</head>

<row>
<cell>Capello. Miss Cora B. Leach, Box C. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Greenwood, S. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charleston. President, Teachers, and Students, Avery Normal Inst., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.32</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">GEORGIA</hi>, $76.72.</head>

<row>
<cell>Andersonville. Two Bbls. C. and Sewing Room Supplies from Unknown Source.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Athens. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Atlanta. Prof. Bumsted, 50 copies Pamphlet speech of U. S. C. Harris, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cypress Slash. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon. First Cong. Ch., 8.24;
  Sab. Sch., 1.05;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 35c.;
  Jr. Y. P. S. C. E., 36c., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon. Mary E. Simonds, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Macon, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh. Midway Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh. Miss S.J. Scott, 5;
  Prof. F. W. Foster, 3, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marietta. Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Savannah. Sub. to McClure's Mag. one year, from unknown source, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomasville. Cong. Ch., 15.55;
  Students and Teachers Allen Normal Sch., 15;
  Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodville. Pilgrim Ch., 75c.;
  Rev. J. H. H. Sengstacke, 25c.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">ALABAMA</hi>, $156.48.</head>

<row>
<cell>Anniston. Abraham Lincoln Cent. Soc., by Rev. James Brown, Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brewton. First Cong. Ch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Childersburg. Cong. Ch., 3.03;
  Rev. W. P. Hamilton, 1;
  Rev. Miles Harris, 50c.
  John West, 50c.;
  Mrs. J. West, 50c.;
  Miss Lucy Freeman, 50c.;
  Mrs. Violet Jones, 50c.;
  Mrs. Sallie Price, 50c.
  Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.03</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Florence. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fort Payne. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ironaton. Rev. P. O. Wailes</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jenifer. Colored Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mobile. Cong. Ch., 8.57;
  A. L. Cent Soc., 1.46;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 1.07;
  Sab. Sch., 1, Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma. Rev. A. T. Burnell</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma. W. M. U., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sylacauga. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talladega. Cong. Ch. (18.05 Lincoln Mem. Day Off.), 20.55;
  Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch. (5.26 Lincoln Mem. Day Off.), 20.50;
  Abraham Lincoln Cent. Soc. (5 of which from Mrs. F. C. Rice, Burlington, Vt.), 29.25;
  Annie Williams Mission Sab. Sch. 1.50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">71.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talladega. E. A. Bishop, 12;
  Miss F. A. Frew, for Student Aid, 3, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talladega. E. C. Silsby, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Dept. Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">MISSISSIPPI</hi>, $20.10.</head>

<row>
<cell>Meridian. "An A. M. A. Teacher"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorhead. Pittsfield</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo. Mrs. L. M. Sisson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">LOUISIANA</hi>, $82.67.</head>

<row>
<cell>Abberville. St. Mary Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi>, Lincoln Mem. Day Off. </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="144" /><anchor id="Pg144" />

<row>
<cell>New Iberia. Saint Paul Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Missionary Union of La., by Mrs. C. M. Crawford, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Hammond. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Hammond. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New Iberia. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New Orleans. Straight U. Aux., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Jennie Fyfe</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">34.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  New Orleans. Central Ch. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Roseland. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Welsh. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  By Mrs. L. St. J. Hitchcock:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Belle Place. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Morris Brown. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.66</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    New Iberia. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.49</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>    Thebodeaux. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 73.67</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">FLORIDA</hi>, $19.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cocoa, Mrs. J. S. Blackburn</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Georgiana. Mrs. Mary C. Munson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Park. Union Cong. Ch. Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Park, C. E. Soc., by Mrs. Fannie S. Baxter, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">TEXAS</hi>, $2.37.</head>

<row>
<cell>Goliad. Y. P. S. C. E., by Mrs. G. B. Hallowell, Sec., Lincoln Mem. Day Off.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.37</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$11,496.59</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27,183.43</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$38,680.02</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">TUITION</hi>, $5,397.91.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cappahosic, Va. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lexington, Ky. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">80.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg, Ky. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">214.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand View, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">48.47</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">880.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">773.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pleasant Hill, Tenn. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">65.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beaufort, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blowing Rock, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chapel Hill, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hillsboro, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>King's Mountain, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">34.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saluda, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Troy, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.14</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilmington, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">181.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whittier, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charleston, S. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">349.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwood, S. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">134.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Albany, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">136.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Atlanta, Ga. Storrs Sch. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">180.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andersonville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marietta, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">226.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">104.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Savannah, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">169.73</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomasville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">47.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodville, Ga. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Athens, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">62.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Joppa, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marion, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">64.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mobile, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">86.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nat, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">107.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talladega, Ala. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">162.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jackson, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">104.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meridian, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">70.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorhead, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo, Miss. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">117.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans, La. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">498.78</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Martin, Fla. Public Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Park, Fla. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">59.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Helena, Ark. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">38.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Austin, Texas. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">77.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 5,397.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Total for February</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$44,077.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">==========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">SUMMARY.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$73,913.94</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">52,837.58</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$126,751.52</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Income</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4,129.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18,808.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Total from Oct. 1 to Feb. 29</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$149,689.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">===========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} p{2cm}'">
<head><hi rend="font-weight: bold">FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY.</hi></head>

<row>
<cell>Subscriptions for February</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$59.88</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">255.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>  Total</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$315.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Receipts of the California Chinese Mission</hi>:
  William Johnstone, Treas., from January 16 to February 13, 1896.</cell>
  <cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">From Local Missions:</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fresno. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Los Angeles. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marysville. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oakland. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oroville. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Petaluma. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Riverside. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sacramento. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sacramento. Annual Membs </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Bernardino. Anniversary Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Diego. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. Bethany Ch. Annual Membs. </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. Central. Ch., Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>San Francisco. West. Ch., Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santa Barbara. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santa Barbara. Gir. Chow. </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santa Cruz. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ventura. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watsonville. Chinese Mon. Offs.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right"> 2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 83.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union of Southern California</hi>, Mrs. Mary M. Smith, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Pasadena. Cong. Ch. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Personal Gifts:</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lincoln, Cal. Rev. E. D. Hale, Parsonage Mite Box</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blue Rapids, Kansas. Mrs. Blanche Tibbetts</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">For Chinese Mothers and Children:</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenfield, Mass. Mrs. W. B. Washburn</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stratford, Conn. Miss Cordelia Sterling</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Albany, N. Y. "Friends," by Miss Janet McNaughton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">70.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----- 100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Total</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$200.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">=======</cell>
</row>
</table>

<p>H. W. HUBBARD, Treas.,<lb />
Bible House, N. Y.</p>
</div>

</body>

<back rend="page-break-before: right">
<div>
<divGen type="pgfooter" />
</div>

</back>

    </text>
</TEI.2>

<!--
A WORD FROM PROJECT GUTENBERG


This file should be named 20093-tei.txt or 20093-tei.zip.

This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:


    http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/2/0/0/9/20093/


Updated editions will replace the previous one — the old editions will be
renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one
owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and
you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission
and without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth in the
General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the Project
Gutenberg™ concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered
trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you
receive specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of
this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given away
— you may do practically _anything_ with public domain eBooks.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.


THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE


_Please read this before you distribute or use this work._

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or
any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”),
you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™
License (available with this file or online at
http://www.gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.


General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works


1.A.


By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work,
you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the
terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright)
agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this
agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee
for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work
and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may
obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set
forth in paragraph 1.E.8.


1.B.


“Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be used on or
associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be
bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few things that you can
do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying
with the full terms of this agreement. See paragraph 1.C below. There are
a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you
follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.


1.C.


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or
PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States. If an individual
work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in
the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying,
distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on
the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of
course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of
promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project
Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for
keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can
easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you
share it without charge with others.

This particular work is one of the few copyrighted individual works
included with the permission of the copyright holder. Information on the
copyright owner for this particular work and the terms of use imposed by
the copyright holder on this work are set forth at the beginning of this
work.


1.D.


The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you
can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant
state of change. If you are outside the United States, check the laws of
your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before
downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating
derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of
any work in any country outside the United States.


1.E.


Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:


1.E.1.


The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access
to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever
any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase
“Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg”
is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or
distributed:


    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
    almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away
    or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License
    included with this eBook or online at http://www.gutenberg.org


1.E.2.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from the
public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with
permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and
distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or
charges. If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you
must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7
or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.3.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the
permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply
with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed
by the copyright holder. Additional terms will be linked to the Project
Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the
copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.


1.E.4.


Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License
terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any
other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.


1.E.5.


Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic
work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying
the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate
access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.


1.E.6.


You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed,
marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word
processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than
“Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official version posted
on the official Project Gutenberg™ web site (http://www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other form.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as
specified in paragraph 1.E.1.


1.E.7.


Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing,
copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply
with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.8.


You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that

    - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
      the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you
      already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed to
      the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has agreed to
      donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid within 60
      days following each date on which you prepare (or are legally
      required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty payments
      should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in Section 4,
      “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
      Archive Foundation.”

    - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™ License.
      You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the
      works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and
      all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™ works.

    - You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
      any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
      receipt of the work.

    - You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
      distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.


1.E.9.


If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic
work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this
agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the
Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in
Section 3 below.


1.F.


1.F.1.


Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to
identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain
works in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these
efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they
may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to,
incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk
or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot
be read by your equipment.


1.F.2.


LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES — Except for the “Right of
Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™
trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™
electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for
damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE
NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH
OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3. YOU AGREE THAT THE
FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.


1.F.3.


LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND — If you discover a defect in this
electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund
of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to
the person you received the work from. If you received the work on a
physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect
to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund. If you received the
work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose
to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in
lieu of a refund. If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a
refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.


1.F.4.


Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in
paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ’AS-IS,’ WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.


1.F.5.


Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages. If any disclaimer or
limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state
applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make
the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state
law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement
shall not void the remaining provisions.


1.F.6.


INDEMNITY — You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark
owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and
any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs
and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from
any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of
this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect
you cause.


Section  2.


           Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™


Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic
works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including
obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It exists because of the
efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks
of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance
they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring
that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for
generations to come. In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for
Project Gutenberg™ and future generations. To learn more about the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations
can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at
http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.


   Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of
Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/pglaf. Contributions to the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full
extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr.
S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations. Its business office is located at 809 North
1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org. Email contact links and up to date contact information
can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official page at
http://www.pglaf.org

For additional contact information:


    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.


  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
                                Foundation


Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the
number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment
including outdated equipment. Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are
particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable
effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these
requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not
received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND DONATIONS or
determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have
not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against
accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us
with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any
statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the
United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods
and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including
checks, online payments and credit card donations. To donate, please
visit: http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate


Section 5.


      General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.


Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg™
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with
anyone. For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™
eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions,
all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright
notice is included. Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance
with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook’s eBook
number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed
(zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected _editions_ of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the
old filename and etext number. The replaced older file is renamed.
_Versions_ based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:


    http://www.gutenberg.org


This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how
to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation,
how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email
newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
-->
